Joss extends suggestion (#496)
nci/scores: docs/paper.md

## Use in Academic Work

> In 2015, the Australian Bureau of Meteorology began developing a new verification system called Jive, which became operational in 2022. For a description of Jive see @loveday2024jive. The Jive verification metrics have been used to support several publications [@Griffiths:2017; @Foley:2020; @Taggart:2022d; @Taggart:2022b; @Taggart:2022c]. `scores` has arisen from the Jive verification system and was created to modularise the Jive verification functions and make them available as an open source package. `scores` also includes metrics not contained in Jive.

Author: ```suggestion
In 2015, the Australian Bureau of Meteorology began developing a new verification system called Jive, which became operational in 2022. For a description of Jive see @loveday2024jive. The Jive verification metrics have been used to support several publications [@Griffiths:2017; @Foley:2020; @Taggart:2022d; @Taggart:2022b; @Taggart:2022c]. `scores` has arisen from the Jive verification system and was created to modularise the Jive verification functions and make them available as an open source package. `scores` also includes additional metrics that Jive does not contain.
```
